[Zaraz] Added hide originating ip to faq (#5850)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/zaraz/faq.md

## Tools

> ### After moving from GA4 to Zaraz, I can no longer see demographics data. What is wrong?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### After moving from Google Analytics 4 to Zaraz, I can no longer see demographics data. Why?
```
I'd not assume that something is wrong (we would probably be blaming the user) and just ask "why". Feel free to disagree. :)

You probably have enabled **Hide Originating IP Address** in the [Settings option](/zaraz/get-started/edit-tools-and-actions/) for Google Analytics 4. This tells Zaraz to not send the IP address to Google. To have access to demographics data and anonymize your visitor's IP, you should use [**Anonymize Originating IP Address**](#i-see-two-ways-of-anonymizing-ip-address-information-on-the-third-party-tool-google-analytics-one-in-privacy-and-one-in-additional-fields-which-is-the-correct-one) instead.

> 

Reviewer: Nit: Remove this extra line.
